Cluster 1 Representative:
SJC-11346 
Entered. Notice to counsel. 
MOTION FOR STAY OF APPEAL, filed for Leslie M. Cole by James E. Methe, Esquire. (A stay of appellate proceedings is granted. Counsel to file status report in 60 days.). 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire. See status on file. (Status noted. Further status report due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire. See status on file. (Case is stayed. Counsel to file status reports every 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire: See Letter On File. (Status noted. Further status report due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire: See Letter On File. (Noted. Further status report due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire. See status on file. (Status noted. Further status report due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire: See letter on file. (Status noted. Further status report due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire. See status on file. (Status noted. Further status report due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire. See status on file. (Status noted. Further status report due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire: See status on file. (Status noted. Further status report due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire: See Status On File. (Status noted. Further status report due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire. See status on file. (Status noted. Further status report due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire: See letter on file. (Noted. Further status due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire: See status on file. (Noted. Further status due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire: See status on file. (Status noted. Further status due in 30 days.) 
STATUS LETTER from James E. Methe, Esquire. See status on file. (Status Noted. The defendant's brief shall be filed on or before December 31, 2014) 
SERVICE of brief & appendix for Defendant/Appellant Leslie M. Cole by James E. Methe. 
MOTION to extend to 05/27/2015 filing of brief of Commonwealth by Mary O'Neil, A.D.A.. (ALLOWED to May 27, 2015) 
MOTION to extend to 06/26/2015 filing of brief of Commonwealth by Mary O'Neil, A.D.A.. (ALLOWED to June 26, 2015) 
MOTION to extend to 07/29/2015 filing of brief of Commonwealth by Mary O'Neil, A.D.A. (ALLOWED) 
SERVICE of appellee's brief for Commonwealth by Mary O'Neil, A.D.A.. 
MOTION to preclude Commonwealth from participating in oral argument, filed for Leslie M. Cole by James E. Methe, Esquire.** No action necessary. See paper 21. 
ORDERED for argument on October 9. Notice sent. 
Oral argument held. (Gants, C.J., Spina, J., Botsford, J., Lenk, J., Hines, J.). 
RESCRIPT (Full Opinion): Judgments affirmed. (By the Court) 
RESCRIPT ISSUED to trial court.

Cluster 2 Representative:
2015-P-0978 
Transcripts received: 2 Vols on 1 CDs ^ Motion for Return of Property 8/5/2014, Motion for New Hearing 12/30/2014 in Clerk's envelope. 
Entered. 
Notice of entry sent. 
Case Partially Impounded Pursuant to G.L. c. 265, §22 
Motion to proceed in forma pauperis, filed by Robert S Cockerline. 
RE#3: No action is taken on this motion because there is no entry fee to waive in this criminal matter. *Notice. 
MOTION to extend brief & appendix due date, filed by Robert S Cockerline. 
RE#4: Allowed to 11/24/2015. Notice sent. 
Request to amend his motion to proceed in forma pauperis, filed by Robert S Cockerline. 
RE#5: Allowed to the extent that Appellant to file 3 and serve 1 copy of his brief and appendix, due on or before 11/24/2015. *Notice. 
MOTION to extend brief & appendix due date, filed by Robert S Cockerline 
Request that the court compel the production of third party documents filed by Robert S Cockerline 
RE#7: See action on paper #6. *Notice. 
RE#6: The defendant's request to enlarge the time to file his brief is allowed to 12/24/15. The defendant's motion for an order compelling production of documents is denied without prejudice to renewal in the trial court. Notice/attest 
Request for temporary stay of all proceedings, filed by Robert S Cockerline. 
RE#8: Allowed. Appellate proceedings STAYED to 01/07/2016. Status report due 01/07/2016 concerning the pending discovery motion in the trial court. *Notice. 
Status Report, filed by Robert S Cockerline. 
RE#9: Appellate proceedings STAYED to 02/08/2016. Status report due then concerning the pending discovery motion in the trial court. *Notice. 
Status Report, filed by Robert S Cockerline. 
RE#10: Appellate proceedings STAYED to 03/08/2016. Status report due then concerning whether he is in receipt of the third party records. *Notice. 
Status Report, filed by Robert S Cockerline 
RE#11: Appellate proceedings STAYED to 04/11/2016. Status report due 04/11/2016 as to whether the defendant has received the third-party records. *Notice. 
Third party motion for return of property, filed by Lisa Cockerline. 
RE#12: No action will be taken on this motion because Lisa Cockerline is not a party in this matter. This notice will not be sent in the future in response to any subsequent submissions from Lisa Cockerline. *Notice. 
Status Report, filed by Robert S Cockerline 
Letter from Robert S Cockerline re: exhibits not included in status report 
RE#13: The stay of appellate proceedings is hereby vacated. Appellant's brief and record appendix due on or before 5/25/16. *Notice. 
Returned Mail: Notice RE#13 sent to Robert S Cockerline, Pro Se Defendant/Appellant returned as name and ID# do not match. Notice resent to correct institution. 
Notice to Robert S Cockerline that brief is non-conforming for the reasons indicated on the checklist: 18-Certificate of service was missing & other: The brief will be accepted upon receipt of a certificate of service showing service on the Commonwealth. The party has until 06/13/2016 to file, and re-serve upon all parties, a conforming brief and appendix or a motion to accept nonconforming brief and appendix. 
Motion to file non-conforming brief, filed by Robert S Cockerline. 
RE#16: Allowed. The brief is accepted for filing. Notice sent. 
SERVICE of 3 brief & appendix for Defendant/Appellant Robert S Cockerline. 
Motion for appointment of standby counsel, filed by Robert S Cockerline. 
RE#18: Denied without prejudice as there is no right to appointed counsel in this matter. Commonwealth v. Conceicao, 388 Mass. 255, 261 (1983). *Notice. 
Motion to extend brief due date of Commonwealth. 
RE#19: Allowed to 08/22/2016. Notice sent. 
Notice of appearance of Nathaniel Beaudoin for Commonwealth. 
SERVICE of brief & supplemental appendix (5 sets) for Plaintiff/Appellee Commonwealth. 
Motion to compel the production of documents, filed by Robert S Cockerline. 
Under consideration by Panel. (Green, J., Agnes, J., Desmond, J.). 
RE#22: Denied. (Kinder, J.). *Notice. 
Revised Notice: Under consideration by Panel. (Green, J., Kinder, J., Desmond, J.). 
Decision: Rule 1:28 Order denying motion for reconsideration of order denying motion for return of property affirmed. (Green, Kinder & Desmond, JJ.). *Notice. 
Returned Mail: Notice that case is now under advisement sent to Robert S Cockerline returned as refused. Notice sent to update location. 
Returned Mail: Notice of action on paper #22 sent to Robert S Cockerline, Pro Se Defendant/Appellant returned as refused. Notice resent to updated address. 
RESCRIPT to Trial Court. 
Returned Mail: Notice of decision sent to Robert S Cockerline, Pro Se Defendant/Appellant returned as refused. Notice not resent. 
Notice of change of address and request for copy of decision filed by Robert S Cockerline 
Copy of paper #23 sent to Robert S Cockerline with copy of docket

Cluster 3 Representative:
2009-P-0653 
Transcripts received: NONE 
Entered. 
Notice of entry sent. 
MOTION to extend brief & appendix due date, filed by Jose M. Goncalves. 
RE#2: Extension to 06/15/2009 granted for filing of brief of Jose M. Goncalves, Defendant/Appellant. Notice to counsel. 
SERVICE of brief & appendix for Defendant/Appellant Jose M. Goncalves. 
Letter from Atty Kevin MacMurray re: consider this matter fully briefed and proceed to panel for consideration. 
MOTION to strike defendant's appendix, filed by Commonwealth. 
Notice of of compliance with Rule 19 filed by Commonwealth. 
Notice of 04/13/2010, 9:30 A.M. argument at John Adams Courthouse sent. 
SERVICE of brief for Plaintiff/Appellee Commonwealth. 
Notice of compliance with Rule 19, filed by Commonwealth. 
RE#5 The Commonwealth's motion to strike the defedant's appendix is denied. The status referenced in the Commonwealth's motion, G.L.c. 66, Sec. 10(d), the Massachusetts Public Records Law, does not apply to court records. See. G.L.c. 4, Sec. 7, Twenty-sixth; G.L.c. 66, Sec. 10; Kettenback v. Board of Bar Overseers, 448 Mass. 1019, 1020-1021 (2007). The defendant may elect to file a revised appendix that redacts certain information pursuant to the S.J.C. Interim Guidelines for the Protection of Personal Identifying Data in Publicly Accessible Court Documents. (Mills, Smith, Trainor, JJ.) *Notice. 
Oral argument held. (MI S T). 
Decision: Rule 1:28 (MI S T). Order denying renewed motion for new trial and to withdraw admission affirmed. *Notice. (See image on file.) 
RESCRIPT to Trial Court. 
Copy of FAR application of Jose M. Goncalves. 
FAR DENIED (on 09/29/2010).

Cluster 4 Representative:
2008-P-0341 
Transcripts received: vols: 1; sets: 2 in Clerk's envelope. 
Entered. 
Notice of entry sent. 
Letter from William E. Fitzgerald, Sr. re: my attorney decided to docket my appeal without consulting me. 
RE#2: Docket sheet in 08-P-341 is enclosed. Note that criminal appeals enter automatically upon receipt, not through the action of counsel. *Notice/William E. Fitzgerald, Sr. 
MOTION to request clarification of law filed by William E. Fitzgerald Sr (pro se). 
MOTION for request of correction or modification filed by William E. Fitzgerald Sr (pro se). 
RE#3: As William Fitzgerald is represented by counsel, pro se filings will not be acted upon. *Notice/William E. Fitzgerald, Sr. 
RE#4: See action this date on paper no. 3. *Notice/William E. Fitzgerald, Sr. 
MOTION to extend brief & appendix due date, filed by William E. Fitzgerald Sr. 
RE#5: Allowed to 06/30/08. Notice 
Addendum to file with paper #3, filed by William E. Fitzgerald, Sr. 
Letter from William Fitzgerald requesting copy of docket sheet and certification of trial transcript. 
RE#7: No action taken. All requests must be made through the defendant's counsel of record. *Notice/William E. Fitzgerald, Sr. 
MOTION to withdraw as counsel for William E. Fitzgerald Sr, filed by Adriana Contartese. 
RE#8: Pursuant to the representations of counsel that CPCS will appoint successor counsel, the motion to withdraw as counsel filed by Attorney Adriana Contartese allowed. Appellate proceedings are STAYED until 05/19/08, during which time successor counsel shall file an appearance. A copy of this action is sent this day to the Committee for Public Counsel Services. In the event that successor counsel does not file an appearance on or before that date, the Committe for Public Counsel Services shall file on that date a status report identifying in detail the efforts made to appoint successor counsel (Cohen, J.). Notice 
Letter of C.P.C.S. re assignment of Michael J. Hickson, Esquire as counsel for William E. Fitzgerald, Sr. 
Appearance of Michael J. Hickson, Esquire for William E. Fitzgerald Sr. 
MOTION to extend brief & appendix due date, filed by William E. Fitzgerald Sr. 
RE#11: Stay vacated. Appellant's brief to be filed on or before 8/8/08. *Notice. 
MOTION to extend brief & appendix due date, filed by William E. Fitzgerald Sr. 
RE#12: Allowed to 09/08/08. No further enlargement. Notice 
MOTION to extend brief & appendix due date, filed by William E. Fitzgerald Sr. 
RE#13: If the brief is filed on or before 9/22/08, it will be deemed timely. Notice 
SERVICE of brief & appendix for Defendant/Appellant William E. Fitzgerald Sr. 
Appearance of Gail M. McKenna, A.D.A. for Commonwealth. 
MOTION to extend brief due date of Commonwealth. 
RE#16: Extension to 02/04/2009 granted for filing of brief of Commonwealth, Plaintiff/Appellee. *Notice to counsel. 
MOTION to file brief late, filed by Commonwealth. 
RE#17: Allowed as the Commonwealth's brief accompanies this motion. Notice 
SERVICE of brief for Plaintiff/Appellee Commonwealth. 
Notice of 10/14/2009, 9:30 A.M. argument at John Adams Courthouse sent. 
Letter from William Fitzgerald, Sr. re: Request for Court to forward two copies of his brief to the district attorney's office. 
MOTION requesting acceptance of defendant's pro se brief for filing, w/attach. filed by Michael J. Hickson, Esq. 
RE#21 The within is accepted for filing, the propriety of which is referred to the panel designated to decide the appeal. (Cohen, J.). Notice. 
SERVICE of supplemental brief for Defendant/Appellant William E. Fitzgerald, Sr. 
MOTION to strike defendant's pro-se filings or to have hime serve the Commonwealth, filed by Commonwealth. 
RE#23 Referred to the panel designated to decide this appeal. (Cohen, J.). Notice. 
Oral argument held. (CO B MI). 
Notice of 10/14/2009, 9:30 A.M. argument at John Adams Courthouse sent. 
Oral argument held. (CO B MI). 
RE#23 (Revised Action) Denied (CO B MI). Notice. 
Decision: Rule 1:28 Judgments affirmed (CO B MI). Notice. (See image on file.) 
Copy of FAR application of William E. Fitzgerald Sr. 
FAR DENIED (on 04/28/10). 
RESCRIPT to Trial Court. 
Letter requesting oral argument CD from William Fitzgerald. 
RE#26: CD of oral argument made and sent out to William Fitzgerald this date. *Notice. 
Letter requesting copy oral argument CD, with $50.50 payment Via EPAY, from Michael J. Hickson, Esquire. 
RE#27: CD copy of oral argument made and sent to Attorney Michael J. Hickson, Esq. this date. *Notice. 
Memo: Envelope containing CD sent to attorney Hickson on 4/18/13 has been returned by post office this date. 
Letter from William E. Fitzgerald Sr re: docket entry sheet. 
RE#28: Copy of docket sent to William E. Fitzgerald, Sr. *Notice.

Cluster 5 Representative:
2012-P-0149 
Transcripts received: NONE 
Entered. 
Notice of entry sent. 
Notice to Clyde Williams that brief is non-conforming for the reasons indicated on the checklist: 1 (cover should be blue), 2-3, 6, 8-9, 11-13, 15-18, 23-25. The party has until 02/27/2012 to file a conforming brief and appendix or a motion to accept nonconforming brief and appendix. 
Revised docket entries (certified; two copies) received from Hampden Superior Court. 
Notice to Clyde Williams that brief is non-conforming for the reasons indicated on the checklist: 1 (cover should be blue), 2-3, 6, 8-9, 11-13, 15-18, 23-25. The party has until 03/08/2012 to file a conforming brief and appendix or a motion to accept nonconforming brief and appendix. 
Motion to accept non-conforming brief and appendix, filed by Clyde Williams. 
RE#6: The motion to file a nonconforming brief and appendix is denied. A copy of the court's Pro Se Guide To Appeals, and sample brief, is being sent to the appellant this date. The due date for the filing of the appellant's brief and appendix is extended to 4/23/12. To the extent the motion requests waiver of the requirement to file the briefs with blue covers, it is allowed. (Milkey, J.) *Notice. 
Motion to file non-conforming brief, filed by Clyde Williams. 
MOTION to appoint counsel for appeal, filed by Clyde Williams. 
RE#7: Denied without prejudice to refiling once a determination is made as to whether counsel is to be appointed. See courts 3/28/12 action on paper #8. *Notice. 
RE#8: Denied without prejudice to renewal upon the filing of a completed affidavit of indigency and supplement (form enclosed), and an institutional transaction statement of the defendant's canteen and savings accounts for the past six months. As there is no right to appointment of counsel in an appeal of this nature, any appointment would initially be for screening purposes only. See Comm. v. Conceicao, 388 Mass. 255 (1983). Appellate proceedings stayed to 4/23/12, on or before which date the above documents are due to be filed in this court. *Notice. 
Letter from Clyde Williams re: Copy of docket sheet (attached affidavit of indigency and supplement) 
Copy of docket sent to Clyde Williams. 
Affidavit in support of Motion that the Commonwealth is in violation of rule 8,9,10 of the appellate procedure and request for copy of docket received from Clyde Williams. 
RE#10: The within is treated as a motion to compel assembly of the record. No action is necessary as it appears from a review of the Superior Court docket that on 1/30/12 the record was assembled, with notice to the Appeals Court and to the parties, and the matter was entered herein on 2/8/12. It should be noted that the record on appeal remains with the trial court for the parties to make copies of for inclusion in the record appendix submitted to this court.. *Notice. 
Letter from Clyde Williams re: request for a copy of docket entry sheet. 
Copy of docket sent to Clyde Williams. 
Motion to give notice of absence of paper #10 in appeals docket record, filed by Clyde Williams. 
RE#12: No action necessary. A copy of the docket is being sent this date showing entry of P#10, Affidavit in Support of Motion that the Commonwealth is in Violation of Rule 8, 9, 10 of Appeals Court, and subsequent action thereon by the court. *Notice. 
Copy of docket sent to Clyde Williams. 
Letter from Clyde Williams re: Motion to give notice of withdrawl of counsel 
Letter from Clyde Williams re: Notice of status check 
RE#13: As concerns this appeal, Attorney Korman does not appear on the docket as representing or having represented the defendant. *Notice. 
RE#14: A copy of the docket is being sent this date. *Notice. 
REVISED ACTION RE#8: On 4/9/12, in response to the court's action, dated 3/28/12, RE#8, the defendant submitted his affidavit of indigency and printout of his institutional canteen and savings account statement in support of his motion for appointment of counsel. After review of the documents, it appears that the defendant is indeed indigent. However, as there is no right to appointment of counsel in an appeal of this nature, any appointment of counsel would initially be for screening purposes only. See Comm. v. Conceicao, 388 Mass. 255 (1983). Accordingly, the motion is allowed to the extent that CPCS is to appoint counsel for screening purposes only. Appellate proceedings stayed to 7/11/12, on or before which date a status report shall be filed by CPCS or by screening counsel regarding same. *Notice. 
Notice: CPCS to assign screening counsel for Clyde Williams. (Trainor, J.). *Notice sent. 
Copy of docket sent to Clyde Williams. 
Motion giving the court notice that the Commonwealth Superior Court has violated the rules of appellate court procedures, filed by Clyde Williams. 
RE#16: No action necessary as this matter is stayed pending screening by CPCS counsel. *Notice. 
Letter from C.P.C.S. re: will not be assigning counsel. 
RE#17: The within is treated as a status report filed by CPCS concerning the appointment of screening counsel. As CPCS has indicated within that the matter had been previously screened, and that a determination was made not to assign counsel in this matter, the stay of appellate proceedings is vacated. The appellant, proceeding pro se, shall file his brief and record appendix on or before 8/1/12. Notice to counsel. 
Notice of change of address of Clyde Williams, Pro Se Defendant/Appellant, Pro Se. 
Memo: Notice of docket entry for #17 to Clyde Williams returned as attempted not known. Resent to address provided on notice of change of address. 
Motion to file non-conforming brief and record appendix, filed by Clyde Williams. 
RE#19: The motion to file a nonconforming brief and appendix is denied. The appellant is given leave to file 5 copies, and to serve one copy, of a brief and appendix in substantial compliance with MRAP, on or before 8/31/12. A copy of the Court's pro se guide to appeals is being sent to the appellant this date. (Carhart, J.). *Notice. 
Letter from Clyde Williams re: Current address and docket number. 
Copy of docket sent to Clyde Williams. 
Letter from Clyde Williams re: Change of address notice and non conforming brief and appendix 
Memo: Notice of paper #19 sent to Clyde Williams returned as not deliverable as addressed, unable to forward & no longer here. Resent to Essex County Correctional Facility 354 Doremus Avenue Newark, NJ 07105 
Letter from Clyde Williams re: correction to table of contents, change of address and status check 
RE#21: Treating the within as a renewed motion to file a nonconforming brief, it is allowed. Accordingly, upon receipt of 4 additional copies of the appellant's brief and appendix, on or before 9/26/12, they will be accepted for filing. (Carhart, J.) *Notice to counsel. 
RE#22: Allowed. The brief and appendix are accepted for filing this date. (Carhart, J.) *Notice. 
SERVICE of 5 brief & appendix for Defendant/Appellant Clyde Williams. 
Letter from Clyde Williams re: new address and request for updated docket entry sheet. 
Copy of docket sent to Clyde Williams. 
Motion to be served with copies of defendant's brief, filed by Commonwealth. 
Memo: Notice of paper #21 sent to Clyde Williams returned as not deliverable as addressed, unable to forward & no longer here. Resent to Lasalle Detention Facility P.O. Box 560 Trout, LA 71371 
Memo: Notice of paper #22 sent to Clyde Williams returned as not deliverable as addressed, unable to forward & no longer here. Resent to Lasalle Detention Facility P.O. Box 560 Trout, LA 71371 
RE#25: Appellant is to serve on the Commonwealth one copy of his brief and record appendix, on or before 9/24/12. *Notice. 
Memo: Notice RE#21, #22, #25, docket sheet, sent to Clyde Wiliiams at Lasalle Detention Facility, P.O. Box 560 Trout, LA 71371 returned as "no longer here; not deliverable as addressed - unable to forward." No new address available at this time. 
Notice of change of address of Clyde Williams. 
Memo: Returned mail forwarded to updated address on paper #26. 
MOTION to extend brief due date of Commonwealth. 
RE#27: Allowed to 12/21/12. Notice 
Memo: Notice RE#27 sent to Clyde Williams returned as "no such stree, unable to forward." 
SERVICE of brief for Plaintiff/Appellee Commonwealth. 
Letter from Clyde Williams re: request for docket sheet 
Motion for judgment, filed by Clyde Williams. 
RE#29: See court's 1/23/13 action on paper #30. *Notice. 
RE#30: The appeal will proceed in due course. To the extent appellant states in the motion that the matter can be reviewed on the papers, it is referred to the panel designated to decide this appeal. Docket sheet forward to appellant this time. *Notice.^ 
Letter from Clyde Williams re: Accept reply brief and record appendix. 
RE#31: Referred to the panel designated to decide this appeal. (Cohen, J.). *Notice ^ 
Memo: Notice RE#31 sent to Clyde Williams returned as "no such street, unable to forward. 
Under consideration by Panel. (Trainor, J., Graham, J., Wolohojian, J.). 
Letter from Clyde Williams re: change of address, request for updated docket entry sheet, and mail one copy to party.^ 
RE#32: Noted. Appellant's address updated on docket and copy of docket sheet sent. All future filings must contain a certificate of service that complies with M.R.A.P. 13. *Notice. 
Decision: Rule 1:28 (Trainor, Graham, Wolohojian, JJ.). Order denying second motion for new trial, as supplemented, affirmed. *Notice. 
RESCRIPT to Trial Court.

Cluster 6 Representative:
2010-P-0106 
Prior A.C. cases involving same parties: 2009-J-0242. 
Transcripts received: vols: 4; sets: 2 in Clerk's envelope. 
Entered. 
Notice of entry sent. 
SERVICE of brief & appendix for Defendant/Appellant Maria Bouras (1 vol/7 sets appx). 
MOTION to extend brief due date of Commonwealth. 
RE#4: Allowed to 04/19/10. Notice 
MOTION to extend brief due date of Commonwealth. 
RE#5: Allowed. *Notice. 
SERVICE of brief for Plaintiff/Appellee Commonwealth. 
Placed on September non-argument list. 
Under consideration by Panel. (BY B T). (Notice sent 10/05/10) 
MEMORANDUM AND ORDER: "This appeal may be addressed in two parts.(1) We first address the defendant's challenge to the conviction of operating a vehicle while intoxicated. G. L. c. 90, § 24L(1). For the reasons stated herein, we reject the appellate claims that the defendant's motion for a required finding of not guilty should have been allowed and that the conviction is subject to reversal because the police did not comply with G. L. c. 90C, § 2 -- the so-called "no-fix" statute. Second, we address the defendant's challenge to the sentencing process, and remand for the entry of written findings as required by G. L. c. 90, § 24D. 1. Background. This case involves a serious car accident. The trial evidence, based on the events that transpired at the accident scene, subsequent investigation, and accident reconstruction, demonstrated that the defendant had swerved the car she was driving to avoid oncoming traffic, and crashed into two cars parked along the side of the road. The defendant's car then launched off the curb and crashed into a nearby house. The car landed upside-down, on a bed, in which Anthony and Karen Fabrizio were sleeping. At the time of the accident, the defendant's blood alcohol level was .208 percent. 2. The citation issue. The accident occurred on October 7, 2007, and the police citation for operating under the influence causing serious bodily injury issued on November 8, 2007. The defendant's pretrial motion to dismiss under G. L. c. 90C, § 2, as amended by St. 1985, c. 794, § 3, rested on a claim that the citation did not issue "at the time and place of the violation." In denying this motion, the judge concluded that this case fit within the exceptions in G. L. c. 90C, § 2, listing situations where a delay in issuing a citation is justified.(2) The judge found that additional time was necessary to conduct an investigation of the accident to determine the nature of the violation, and that because of the dramatic and serious nature of the accident, "the defendant [was] deemed to be on notice of [the] potential charges." The judge concluded that there was no prejudice to the defendant in not receiving a citation at the accident scene. We agree. The purpose of the statute is not frustrated where, as here, "given the seriousness of the event, it is inconceivable that the defendant . . . was not aware of the prospect of potential criminal charges." Commonwealth v. Kenney, 55 Mass. App. Ct. 514, 519 (2002). See Commonwealth v. Pappas, 384 Mass. 428, 431-432 (1981). We need not dwell on the defendant's argument that the motion for required finding of not guilty should have been allowed. This argument lacks merit. Based on all of the evidence including, in particular, the circumstances attending the accident, and applying the Commonwealth v. Latimore, 378 Mass. 671, 676-678 (1979), standard, we conclude that there was sufficient evidence to support the defendant's conviction for operating while intoxicated. 3. The sentencing issue. The defendant's challenge to the sentence is twofold. The defendant's first contention is that the judge abused her discretion in not imposing a more lenient sentence, considering that the defendant is a first time offender. The second is that the judge erred in failing to make written findings. The judge described the evidence underlying her sentencing rationale as follows: "While we're all aware that the jury did not return a verdict of operating under the influence of liquor serious injury, they returned a verdict of operating under the influence -- of the lessor included offense of operating under the influence of liquor only. But based on the facts again as they came out in trial, [the defendant] having hit two cars, a bus sign, sending that bus sign into the air and then having crashed into the home of Mr. and Mrs. Fabrizio, her having been -- [the defendant] having been found in her seat hanging upside down and the extent of the damage to the home and to the Fabrizio's, the high blood alcohol level content as testified in the trial at the time of the accident, these are all very, very serious facts as the jury heard them." After summarizing the evidence, the judge only stated as follows: "I find that [the defendant] is not an appropriate candidate for any first offender's disposition, the court also believes due to the seriousness of the offense for which she was found guilty, the operating under the influence, that some jail time is appropriate." The judge then sentenced the defendant to two and one-half years incarceration with all but 150 days suspended, and denied disposition under G. L. c. 90, § 24D. The above factual summary stated by the judge on the record reflects a thoughtful analysis of the evidence. However, G. L. c. 90, § 24D, as amended by St. 1994, c. 25, § 7, requires "that a judge who deems that the defendant is not a suitable candidate for [first time offender] programs shall make such findings in writing" (emphasis added). The defendant specifically requested written findings, but the judge did not make them. While the summary of the evidence stated by the judge on the record and quoted above may provide the basis for written findings, written findings are nonetheless still required by the statute. Accordingly, we remand so that the judge may provide such written findings. We will retain jurisdiction to review the defendant's sentencing contentions once the written findings are filed. The written findings shall be filed and forwarded to this court within ninety days of the date of the issuance of this memorandum and order. So ordered." (Berry, Brown & Trainor, JJ.) (1) On appeal, the defendant claims the following errors: (1) the motion for required finding of not guilty should have been allowed; (2) the motion to dismiss for failure by the police to issue a citation at the time and place of the violation as provided in G. L. c. 90C, § 2, should have been allowed; (3) the imposed sentence was an abuse of discretion; and (4) the judge's failure to make written findings under G. L. c. 90, § 24D, constituted an error of law. (2) The exceptions recognized in G. L. c. 90C, § 2, refer to circumstances (1) "where the violator could not have been stopped or [2] where additional time was reasonably necessary to determine the nature of the violation or the identity of the offender or [3] where the court finds that some circumstance, not inconsistent with the purpose of this section, namely, to cause violators of automobile law to be brought uniformly to justice, justifies the failure." See Commonwealth v. Mullins, 367 Mass. 733, 734 (1975). *Notice/Attest/Fortes-White, J./Image. 
Letter from ADA Elin H. Graydon re: Judge Fortes-White's findings. 
Letter from Attorney Alfred P. Farese Jr. re: Judge Fortes-White's findings. 
Decision: Rule 1:28 (Berry, Brown, Trainor, JJ.). Judgment affirmed. *Notice. 
RESCRIPT to Trial Court.

